Intro:
	You've bought a great new house! It has everything you need, and one thing  you don't; ghosts. After some research, it seems that the
	easiest method to get rid of them is to find out what problem is keeping them here and fix it so they can peacefully move on. You 
	enter what will soon be your home, hopefully. In the living room is some antique-looking decor, and a little ghostly dog sleeping on
	an ornate rug. To your left is the kitchen, and ahead of you is a hallway with two rooms.

Kitchen:
	You enter the kitchen. Inside, you see a door, some cabinents, a stove, and... an annoyed looking ghost sitting at the table!
		Door:
			You walk up to the door. According to the house's layout, it should lead outside into the yard. It's locked.

		Cabinents:
			The cabinents are completely empty except for a box of tea. Guess ghosts don't eat much.

		Ghost:
			You approach the ghost sat at the table. "Hello there. I'm not in the mood to talk to you. Someone's stolen my teapot! I can't even
			have a simple cup of tea these days..."
				Ask about the door:
					"Oh, that's the door out to the yard. I would unlock it for you if I had the bother to locate the key. Unfortunately for you,
					I do not."
				Give Teapot:
					"Ah, so you had my teapot! Well I'm glad to have it back." He moves throughout the kitchen, preparing a cup of tea. "I suppose
					I could find that key for you while we wait for the water to boil." He searches through a cluttered drawer, and takes out a small
					silver key. "Here ya go."

Hallway:
	In the hallway, there are two rooms; one to the left and one to the right.

		RightRoom:
			You enter the room on the right. Inside is a young, ghostly-looking girl, hunched over a desk.
				Talk to her:
					"Sorry can't talk now. I have to get these math problems done."
						Help:
							"Oh that'd be great! Here's the first question: 6 x 3... any idea?"
							"Okay next question: 35 - 8. What do you think?"
							"Almost done! This is the last question I just can't get: 2 + 2. Can you solve it?"
								Right:
									"I think that's right!"
								Wrong:
									"That doesn't sound right..."
								"Thank you so much! I feel much better with these done. Here, take this cool rock as a token of my appreciation."

		LeftRoom:
			You enter the room on the left; there's a large mess inside and a little boy ghost. He seems to be searching for something.
				Talk to him:
					"I'm busy looking for my rock. It's a really cool rock. Have you seen it?"
						No:
							"Ugh, I'll never find it. It was so cool..."
						Give Rock:
							"Hey, there it is! Thank you! Now I can put all this stuff away... you wouldn't mind helping with that would you?"
								Yes:
									"Whoo! Thanks, it'll get done quickly with both of us helping." As you begin to clear the mess, you find a teapot
									that had been previously hidden under a pile of clothes. "Huh, forgot that was in here."
								No:
									"Oh. See you later then."


LivingRoom:
	You decide to explore the living room a bit further. The ghost puppy wakes up and stares at you as you come closer.
		You approach the puppy:
			"Bark!"
			Give ball:
				The puppy jumps up excitedly and takes the ball. It seems very happy.
Yard:
	You emerge outside. There's a lovely garden filled with plants with a ghost lady tending to them. To the left, there's a small shed.
		Shed:
			The shed is filled with various gardening tools, a watering can, and a small red ball under a table in the corner.
		Ghost Lady:
			You approach the gardening ghost. "Oh, hello there. D'ya think you could grab the watering can? It's just over there in the shed. Thanks."
			Give watering can:
				"Ah thanks- you saved me a trip."
Outro:
	You've done it! All the ghosts have gotten their worldly tasks out of the way. As you walk through the house, it's empty. You check all the rooms, but the
	ghosts are gone. Finally, you get to take residence in your home.